 = MyDotfiles =

My dotfiles inspired by DT

=== Table for using ===

|------------|---------------------|
| use        | program             |
|------------|---------------------|
| WM         | Xmonad              |
| Bar        | Xmobar              |
| Editor     | NeoVim/Emacs        |
| Quick edit | NeoVim              |
| Browser    | Qutebrowser/Firefox |
| Terminal   | Alacritty           |
|------------|---------------------|

== What is xmonad? ==

Xmonad is a very extensible twm. It is very tiny in terms of code, so is the opposite of bloated vms. I create a custome theme with the clockl in the center and very active colors instead of standard onedark colors. The center of the clock is actually fake beacouse is an amount of " " in succession but is a simple and efficient solution for xmobar ( my default bar ) who not allow to use center text. The resault is quite perfect, the only thing i don 't like is how mutch difficult is to implement the centered master layout but is not a big deal.  The real problem of this wm is the haskell language, who is very hard to use and i actually don' t undestand some lines of my config XD.( Obviusly just  joking )

== Vim ==

i added some plugins for trasform nvim in a semi-ide for quick edit, with a theme that match with my general theme (onedark)

== Emacs ==

Doom Emacs is my default ide. I program with it and i found it perfect. I added only a few packages for new languages and the onedark theme ( beacouse i found it fantastic and match up with all sistem)

== Qutebrowser ==

I added only a custom theme and a custom start page. The custom theme is, obviusly, onedark, modified a bit mixing it with dracula for a better navigation

= Alacritty =

Alacritty is my terminal. I found it very quick in tasks and customizable. I edit yaml file to match up with my onedark theme

<!-- =# Polybar -->
<!-- Polybar is the best bar for any wm. Is a bit bloat but looks absolutely gorgeous ! -->
